Morning
Can you help me again?
It's not that Dad doesn't want to help you.
That's because your mother is angry about you leaving without saying goodbye
So I know.
Didn't Anjia always want to stock up on high prices for cakes?
I can help.
Hey, Xiao Li
You don't know
We can actually hold the sky high when we settle down
With the 1 billion group under Autonavi
You can swallow it on hand
Stronger fortress
The inside is also fragile
What's more, it's shocking
The high generals in the defeat
Wait a minute, Mr. Gao is here, please treat me well.
Hahaha
Ouch, hahaha, brother Gao, you are finally here.
Let me introduce you
This is my daughter, Anri.
Mr. Gao